composer: add Polish translation, update page (#10945)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/composer.md

`composer init`

> - Add a package as a dependency for this project, adding it to `composer.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a package as a dependency for this project, adding an entry to `composer.json`:
```

`composer require {{user/package}}`

- Install all the dependencies in this project's `composer.json` and create `composer.lock`:

`composer install`

> - Uninstall a package from this project, removing it as a dependency from `composer.json` and `composer.lock` files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstall a package from this project, removing it as a dependency from `composer.json` and `composer.lock`:
```

`composer remove {{user/package}}`

> - Update all the dependencies in this project's `composer.json` and note a new versions in `composer.lock` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update all the dependencies in this project's `composer.json` and note new versions in the `composer.lock` file:
```

> - Update all the dependencies in this project's `composer.json` and note new versions in the `composer.lock` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update all the dependencies in this project's `composer.json` and note new versions in `composer.lock`:
```

`composer update`

> - Update `composer.lock` file only after updating `composer.json` manually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update the `composer.lock` file only after updating `composer.json` manually:
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestions

> - Update the `composer.lock` file only after updating `composer.json` manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update only `composer.lock` after updating `composer.json` manually:
```
